Docs: Python tutorials doc fixes (#17435)
apache/incubator-mxnet: docs/python_docs/python/tutorials/extend/custom_layer.md

> To create a new layer in Gluon API, one must create a class that inherits from [Block](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/blob/master/python/mxnet/gluon/block.py#L123) class. This class provides the most basic functionality, and all pre-defined layers inherit from it directly or via other subclasses. Because each layer in Apache MxNet inherits from `Block`, words "layer" and "block" are used interchangeable inside of the Apache MxNet community.

Author: ```suggestion
To create a new layer in Gluon API, one must create a class that inherits from [Block](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/blob/c9818480680f84daa6e281a974ab263691302ba8/python/mxnet/gluon/block.py#L128) class. This class provides the most basic functionality, and all pre-defined layers inherit from it directly or via other subclasses. Because each layer in Apache MxNet inherits from `Block`, words "layer" and "block" are used interchangeable inside of the Apache MxNet community.
```

> The only instance method needed to be implemented is [forward(self, x)](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/blob/master/python/mxnet/gluon/block.py#L415), which defines what exactly your layer is going to do during forward propagation. Notice, that it doesn't require to provide what the block should do during back propogation. Back propogation pass for blocks is done by Apache MxNet for you. 

Reviewer: Could you point to a specific tag commit when linking to code part for `forward(self, x)`, `hybridize` etc. ?

> The only instance method needed to be implemented is [forward(self, x)](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/blob/master/python/mxnet/gluon/block.py#L415), which defines what exactly your layer is going to do during forward propagation. Notice, that it doesn't require to provide what the block should do during back propogation. Back propogation pass for blocks is done by Apache MxNet for you. 

Author: ```suggestion
The only instance method needed to be implemented is [forward(self, x)](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/blob/c9818480680f84daa6e281a974ab263691302ba8/python/mxnet/gluon/block.py#L909), which defines what exactly your layer is going to do during forward propagation. Notice, that it doesn't require to provide what the block should do during back propogation. Back propogation pass for blocks is done by Apache MxNet for you. 
```
